The Elden Ring is a mysterious concept that defines the world itself.It is the source of the Erdtree, and its various interlocking runes are a representation of the law of the world. The most recent incarnation of the law it represents in the Lands Between is the Golden Order, founded by Queen Marika the Eternal. In its shattered state, many of its shards, known as Great Runes, are in the possession of the demigod offspring of Queen Marika.

The Golden Order was a governing principle, a religion, and a philosophy. It was founded on the principle that Marika was the one true god, and was propagated by the Two Fingers. The Golden Order was capable of integrating conflicting ideologies and practices. The dragon cult of the royal capital was compatible because the ancient dragons' lightning was imbued with gold. Later, the Erdtree faith absorbed the practice of glintstone sorcery. Concepts that threatened to shatter the Order entirely, such as life in death, were labeled as heresy and violently persecuted by the Golden Order.

The Shattering was in response to Godwyn's death, Queen Marika the Eternal used her hammer to shatter the Elden Ring. Elden Lord Radagon, her alter ego, attempted in vain to repair the Elden Ring. As punishment for her offense, the goddess Marika was imprisoned within the Erdtree. Consequently, the shattering of the Elden Ring corrupted the Golden Order, and lead to a Shattering War that would leave the Lands Between in ruin.

The Great Runes are the shards of the Elden Ring, currently making up the Golden Order, and represent the concepts of order and discipline that the demigods enforced on the physical world. They were inherited by some of the demigod offspring of Queen Marika the Eternal following the shattering of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of the newfound strength granted by the Great Runes precipitated the Shattering, wherein the demigods fought for control of the Lands Between. The demigods who inherited Great Runes were known as Shardbearers.

The Tarnished are individuals who lost the grace of the Erdtree and were consequently banished from the Lands Between by Queen Marika the Eternal. Following the breaking of the Elden Ring, the Tarnished were beckoned by lost grace, fragmentary divine light from the Erdtree, to return.

In the early age of the Erdtree, Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, fought many battles throughout the Lands Between. He led the War Against the Giants, and defeated the Storm Lord. When his last enemy fell, it is said that the hue of his eyes faded. Queen Marika addressed Godfrey and his warriors as she divested them of their Grace, commanding them to leave the Lands Between and travel to a faraway land, where they would wage war and die. Before they departed, she promised them that after their deaths their Grace would be given back, and that they would return to the Lands Between once again, to wage war and brandish the Elden Ring. Godfrey led his kinfolk away from the Lands Between on an exodus referred to as the Long March. They left their home on boats, although one was said to have been left behind. The warriors who accompanied Godfrey honored him by wielding axes, although Godfrey's own axe was broken in battle during the course of the march. When the Long March came to an end, Godfrey divested himself of kinship and became a simple warrior once more. Now known as Hoarah Loux, he became a chieftain of the Badlands, revered by its bravest warriors. The Tarnished settled in lands outside the Lands Between, and bore descendants who were also Tarnished. As Queen Marika had commanded them, the Tarnished lived and died in these distant lands.

A long time after the Tarnished left the Lands Between, the Elden Ring was shattered and Queen Marika disappeared. Marika's offspring, the Demigods, claimed shards of the Elden Ring. Tainted by their newfound strength, the Demigods warred, causing the Greater Will to abandon them. With the war yielding no victor, the Guidance of Grace was extended to the Tarnished, who returned from the dead and went back to the Lands Between, guided by Grace. Upon setting foot in the Lands Between once more, the Tarnished received the aid of the Two Fingers, who bid them to seek the Great Runes possessed by the Demigods so as to restore the Golden Order and become Elden Lord. The Tarnished, given life by Grace, gained a form of immortality, allowing them to return from the dead over and over on their quest to become Elden Lord. The Guidance of Grace brought together the Tarnished and their Finger Maidens, women in the service of the Two Fingers who were tasked with serving their appointed Tarnished. The Finger Maidens would offer guidance and aid to the Tarnished, as well as turning the Runes they gathered into strength.

Although the Tarnished had once again been given Grace, some lost sight of it once more. Some never once saw the Guidance of Grace. With many Tarnished seemingly abandoned by Grace, an Elden Lord would not arise for a long time. Roundtable Hold, once the home of venerated warriors, stopped receiving visitors.This would change when a Tarnished of no renown crossed the fog and made their way to the Lands Between. This Tarnished would not meet a Finger Maiden to guide them, but would instead be found by Melina, a mysterious woman who offered to play the role of maiden for them: turning Runes into strength, granting them the means to summon a spectral steed named Torrent, and extending them an invite to Roundtable Hold. This Tarnished would gain audience with the Two Fingers, claim the Great Runes, and make the journey towards the Erdtree in order to become Elden Lord.

The title of Elden Lord was given to the consorts of Queen Marika the Eternal. What power and authority the Elden Lord wields is unclear, as is the nature of the relationship between an Elden Lord and their deity. In the case of the consorts of Queen Marika, they appear to have been able to wield the power of the Elden Ring to an unknown extent.

The Two Fingers serve as divine envoys of the Greater Will. They are responsible for selecting Empyreans, granting them shadowbound beasts, and guiding their path toward inheriting the Elden Ring.  In the past, the Fingers were masters of oration, their wisdom attracting champions to Roundtable Hold. They were said to communicate using a language of light, composed of intangible symbols that appeared to hang in the air. The Two Fingers are also the source of Two Fingers Incantations and possess the ability to restore the blessings of the Great Runes atop the ancient Divine Towers. The Fingers are attended by Finger Readers, who interpret their wisdom for the Tarnished, those to whom Grace has returned. Churches dedicated to the Two Fingers exist beyond the Lands Between, served by confessors who hunt down their enemies. While some Tarnished remain faithful, the Fingers are now believed to be corrupted and senile, having been broken along with the Erdtree long ago.

The finger readers were oracles who interpreted the language of light spoken by the Two Fingers. They acted as mediums through whom the Fingers communicated the wisdom of the Greater Will. The Greater Will is a mysterious and supremely powerful entity or force from beyond that has great influence over the Lands Between. The vassals and envoys of the Greater Will are central to the Golden Order. It inhabits a lightless void outside the Lands Between.

The Erdtree is a giant, gold-colored tree that towers above the Lands Between in Elden Ring. The Lands Between are blessed by the Elden Ring, which is the source of the Erdtree, that symbolizes its presence. It is the heart of the Golden Order. The blessing granted by the Erdtree and consequently the Elden Ring, is represented by a golden light in the eyes of the inhabitants of the Lands Between, known as the Grace of Gold. Upon their deaths, the remembrances of demigods and greater champions, and other such powerful beings are hewn into the Erdtree. The Altus Plateau was considered to be the realm of the Erdtree, and it was the belief of the people of the plateau that those born at the foot of the Erdtree were special. 

Erdtree burial was an honor awarded to heroes as a proper death meant returning to the Erdtree. The remains of such champions were deposited within the catacombs built around the great tree roots that once connected to the Erdtree. Indeed there were once heroes abundantly blessed by the Erdtree who upon earning their honors simply died. Statues of Rosus, Usher of Death, were erected in order to guide the dead who lose their way during their return to the Erdtree roots.

Godrick is a descendant of the Golden Lineage, the bloodline which began with Queen Marika the Eternal and her first consort Godfrey. Only a distant relation of Marika's line, his divine blood was sorely diluted, and he was viewed as the runt of the litter.After the Elden Ring was shattered, Godrick inherited the Great Rune from the centre of the Elden Ring, referred to as the anchor ring. During The Shattering, Godrick was hounded from the Leyndell, Royal Capital. He claimed a multitude of treasures, including the Mimic's Veil, and then hid amongst the womenfolk to flee the city. Godrick made his way south, settling in Limgrave with an army made up of soldiers who had fled Leyndell. He took up residence in Stormveil Castle, using it as a refuge to hide from General Radahn, and as a place to practice grafting; a grotesque act which involves attaching parts of other living beings to oneself to gain power. When the Tarnished returned to the Lands Between, Godrick sent his soldiers on Tarnished hunts, seeking new subjects to graft. As well as performing the act upon himself, Godrick also produced the Grafted Scions; abhorrent beings comprised of many different limbs, seemingly grafted onto children. When Malenia marched southward, Godrick insulted her, leading to a confrontation which left Godrick beaten and humiliated, forced to grovel for mercy. Godrick idolised Godfrey, desiring for his ancestor to witness his feats. He wielded an axe emblazoned with the figure of a lion, a symbol of Godfrey, and furnished his army with emblems of the Golden Lineage such as axes, and depictions of Serosh the Beast Regent. Although he styled himself as the "lord of all that is golden", he was popularly referred to as "Godrick the Grafted", commanding far less respect than his forebear. He was even despised by his servants, whom he looked down on and pushed around.

Malenia was born the child of Queen Marika the Eternal and her second husband, the Elden Lord Radagon. She had an elder twin brother by the name of Miquella.Both Malenia and Miquella were Empyreans, meaning they had the potential to one day replace their mother as a new god of a coming age. But since Radagon and Marika were in fact the same person, Malenia and Miquella were born afflicted. Malenia was afflicted with the Scarlet Rot, which ravaged her from within and would cost her several limbs, while Miquella was afflicted with eternal childhood, unable to ever grow into adulthood. After the Elden Ring was shattered, Malenia and Miquella both claimed shards of the broken Elden Ring. At some point, Malenia encountered a blind swordsman who had sealed away an Outer God of Rot.The swordsman became her master, and trained her in the ways of the blade, allowing her to gain wings of unparalleled strength. Malenia would eventually become a warrior without peer. During the wars between the demigods which followed the Shattering, Malenia led an army that marched south from the Haligtree. She won many battles, even humbling fellow demigod and shardbearer, Godrick the Grafted, who groveled at her feet for mercy after first insulting her and then suffering defeat. Malenia and her half-brother Radahn would eventually be the last two demigods left standing in the conflict. Their forces clashed in the Caelid Wilds, and the two fought a bitter duel for supremacy. In the midst of the combat with Radahn, the Scarlet Rot was unleashed by Malenia, resulting in her first bloom. The blooming of the Scarlet Rot devastated Caelid, leaving it a rotting wasteland, and caused Radahn to rapidly degenerate, losing his wits and cursing him to wander the battlefield as a mindless beast, feasting on the bodies of friend and foe alike. Malenia herself was not unaffected, and unleashing the Scarlet Rot left her in a coma. It is not known where she resides now.

Miquella and his twin sister were born with incurable afflictions, with Miquella's curse being perpetual youth. Miquella made a promise to Malenia and experimented tirelessly in an attempt to undo their curses. The twins were very close, and Malenia became Miquella's sworn blade and protector. Miquella was loved by many people and had a remarkable ability to compel affection from others. For this reason, many regarded him as the most fearsome Empyrean. Miquella was chosen by his Two Fingers to become an Empyrean, destined to succeed Queen Marika. He was an adherent of Golden Order Fundamentalism, and developed new incantations as gifts to his father Radagon. However, Miquella abandoned Fundamentalism when it failed to treat Malenia's rot. He then began creating Unalloyed Gold, which he used it to craft needles that could ward away the meddling of outer gods and forestall Malenia's incurable rot. These needles could even be used to subdue the power of the Frenzied Flame. He also unsuccessfully sought a solution for his half-brother Godwyn's state of incomplete death.

Margit is an Omen who gained notoriety during The Shattering, in which he slaughtered countless champions who harbored ambitions for Lordship, stacking high their corpses during the Second Defense of Leyndell.

Radahn was the son of Queen Rennala and Radagon, and became a demigod stepchild after his father's marriage to Queen Marika. He is regarded as the mightiest hero of the demigods, and was feared as the strongest demigod of the Shattering. Radahn was born the son of Radagon, a champion of the Erdtree, and Queen Rennala, head of both the Carian Royal Family and Academy of Raya Lucaria. He had two siblings, Rykard and Ranni. Radahn inherited his father's flaming red hair, and was fond of its heroic implications. From a young age, he was enamored with the Elden Lord Godfrey. Attempting to emulate his idol, Radahn adorned his armor with lions, the symbol of Godfrey. At some point, the first Elden Lord, Godfrey, was robbed of grace and hounded from the Lands Between. Radahn's father, Radagon, left Rennala to become Queen Marika's new consort and the second Elden Lord. Radahn and his siblings were thus raised to demigod status by their new step-mother, Marika. Radahn's soldiers were known as the Redmanes for the red-maned lion raising a sword in the image of Radahn on their surcoats.The longest serving of the Redmane Knights was Ogha, who studied gravitational techniques alongside Radahn in Sellia. It was popularly said that the Redmanes knew no weakness. At an unknown period in time, Jerren, a guest of the Carian royals, became a guest commander for Radahn's armies, and they swore a mutual oath of honorable death. When Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring, and her offspring acquired the Great Runes. The maddening taint of their newfound strength led to the Shattering, a war between Marika's demigod descendants, each seeking to become the new ruler of the Lands Between. From his stronghold of Redmane Castle in the Caelid Wilds, Radahn led his armies against the forces of the other demigods. Radahn tried to challenge Godrick the Grafted in Limgrave, but the latter hid in Stormveil Castle. By the end of the Shattering, only Radahn and his half-sister Malenia, Blade of Miquella were left standing. The two fought to a stalemate in the Battle of Aeonia, their duel ending inconclusively when Malenia unleashed her Scarlet Rot. The Scarlet Rot ravaged Caelid, and consumed Radahn from the inside, eating away at his psyche but failing to kill him. Following the Battle of Aeonia, Radahn roams the Wailing Dunes as a mindless beast who devours the flesh of friend and foe alike, howling at the sky. Without their commander, the Redmane Knights burned the crest on the left breast of their armor to indicate their resolve to not return home, and to serve as a bulwark against the spread of the rot in Caelid using fire. In spite of his madness, Radahn continues to ride his scrawny steed, as well as halt the motions of the stars. The Radahn Festival has been organized by his men in Castle Redmane to celebrate his last battle. It is a gathering of mighty warriors who might finally put the General out of his misery, and claim his Great Rune for themselves. The festival serves as Jerren's way of fulfilling his oath of honorable death to Radahn.

Rykard was born the son of Radagon, a champion of the Erdtree, and Queen Rennala, head of both the Carian Royal Family and the Academy of Raya Lucaria. He had two siblings, Radahn and Ranni. At some point, the first Elden Lord, Godfrey, was robbed of grace and hounded from the Lands Between. Rykard's father, Radagon, left Rennala to become Queen Marika's new consort and the second Elden Lord. Rykard and his siblings were thus raised to demigods by their new step-mother, Marika. Under the Golden Order, Rykard was a ruthless justiciar who commanded a company of inquisitors. His inquisitors persecuted and mercilessly tortured those considered heretics to the Golden Order, such as the Albinaurics. He spent time in the volcanic Mt. Gelmir, where he discovered the ancient magma hexes of a forgotten serpent-worshiping religion native to the region, which he brought back into practical use as new sorceries. When Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring, and her offspring acquired the Great Runes. The maddening taint of their newfound strength led to the Shattering, a war between Marika's demigod descendants, each seeking to become the new ruler of the Lands Between. Rykard was indignant, and viewed the Erdtree and the gods demanding that the demigods fight over miserly scraps of power to be debasing. He launched a blasphemous campaign against the Erdtree and the Greater Will. When he turned to heresy, taking by force became the rule, the gods themselves being no different. Rykard's ambitions, though blasphemous, marked him a worthy sovereign, and drew many followers to his cause who admired his heroic aspirations. His rebels were known as the Recusants. Based in the Volcano Manor on Mt. Gelmir, his forces battled the armies of the Leyndell in what would become the most appalling battle of the Shattering, a wretched, unending war with no glory, which led to many of the participants succumbing to cannibalism and the Frenzied Sickness. At some point during the Shattering, Rykard fed himself, Great Rune and all, to the blasphemous serpent that dwelled on Mt. Gelmir, an ancient traitor to the Erdtree, merging with the creature. In the final moments before being devoured, he briefly had a vision of the future wherein he witnessed a serpent devouring the world. Following this, his lofty ambition degraded into gluttonous depravity.He fed on his greatest champions, and in the bowels of the serpent, they became the lord's family. Disturbed by what had become of their master and by the costly battles waged in his name, Rykard's forces abandoned him. Some attempted to put him to rest by searching for a mighty weapon capable of killing their lord. Such a weapon was found in the Serpent-Hunter, an enchanted spear crafted to hunt an immortal serpent in the distant past. However, all attempts made to take his life failed. The spear would come to reside in Rykard's chambers, left by a former Recusant who hoped a worthy champion might one day appear to wield it and spare the once-noble Rykard from further dishonor.

Originally known as Lunar Princess Ranni, she was the daughter of Radagon, a champion of the Golden Order, and Queen Rennala, head of both the Carian Royal Family and the Academy of Raya Lucaria. She had two older brothers, Radahn and Rykard. Ranni was also an Empyrean, meaning she had the potential to one day succeed Queen Marika as the divine ruler of the Lands Between. The Two Fingers chose her as a potential successor and granted her a Shadow by the name of Blaidd to be her vassal. He was approved of by Rennala, and was raised as her foster brother. Ranni grew up playing with Blaidd, and they were often accompanied by Iji, a troll blacksmith who served the Carian royals. Led by the hand of her mother Rennala, young Ranni would encounter her Dark Moon. What she beheld was cold, dark and veiled in occult mystery. Deep in the woods, she would also encounter a snowy crone, known simply as the "Snow Witch", who would go on to become her secret mentor. She was an old witch well versed in cold-based sorceries, and she taught Ranni to fear the dark moon as she imparted her magic. The full Dark Moon, cold and leaden, would become Ranni's sigil and symbol of her power and authority. At some point, Ranni's father would abandon her mother in order to marry Queen Marika and assume the title of second Elden Lord. Ranni and her siblings were thus raised to demigod status by their new stepmother.

Radagon first rose to prominence during the Liurnian Wars, when he joined the heroes' ranks. A great champion with flowing red locks, he arrived in Liurnia at the head of a golden host, where he met Queen Rennala in battle. Although two wars would be fought between them, the First Liurnian War, and the Second, no victor would emerge from either. Radagon eventually repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew, and swore his love to Rennala.He became husband to the Carian Queen, wedding her at the Church of Vows. Rennala bequeathed him a greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. After entering into marriage with Rennala and joining the Carian line, he ordered the Carian magic preceptors to don masks of confidence, to make it clear that all of their matters were to be kept strictly private. Radagon and Rennala had three children: Radahn, Rykard and Ranni. While husband to Rennala, Radagon studied glintstone sorcery taught at the Academy of Raya Lucaria. After Godfrey, the First Elden Lord was stripped of grace and hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon returned to the capital where he went on to marry Queen Marika and become her King Consort and second Elden Lord.Before leaving Rennala, Radagon gifted her an amber egg. His departure left her heartbroken, and eventually led to her being deposed by the academy and imprisoned in the Grand Library. His three children from the previous marriage would be raised to demigod status as stepchildren of Queen Marika.

When Queen Marika the Eternal established her new Age of the Erdtree, she dispatched a champion known as Radagon to lead her armies against Liurnia of the Lakes. Radagon fought two wars against Rennala and the Academy, both of which saw no clear victor. Instead, Radagon repented his territorial aggressions by cleansing himself with Celestial Dew, and swore his love to Rennala. They married at the Church of Vows, uniting the houses of the Erdtree and the Moon.Rennala would gift Radagon with a greatsword, bestowed by a Carian queen upon her spouse to honor long-standing tradition. Together, they had three children: Radahn, Rykard, and Ranni. After Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, was hounded from the Lands Between, Radagon left Rennala's side to become the second husband and King Consort of Queen Marika, and received the title of second Elden Lord. Queen Marika made Radagon's and Rennala's children her demigod stepchildren. When Radagon departed, he gifted Rennala the amber egg containing the Great Rune of the Unborn. When Radagon left, Rennala's heart left with him. Realizing their heartbroken queen was no champion at all, the Academy rebelled against the Carian Royal Family and Rennala would find herself under the assault of her own students, who would eventually lock her away in the grand library. She would slowly lose her mind and ended up devoting herself to the grim art of reincarnation, clutching the amber egg left to her by Radagon. She would use it on Juvenile Scholars found around her, calling them her "sweetings", continuously rebirthing them in an imperfect process which would leave their memories fading into oblivion.The children born anew by Rennala were all frail and short-lived, imperfect beings, each and all.

Godwyn was the son of Queen Marika the Eternal and her consort and first Elden Lord, Godfrey. He was admired as a hero and champion of the Erdtree. Godwyn was a scion of the Golden Lineage, of which Godrick the Grafted was a final descendant. However, he soon disappeared and his whereabouts is unkown.

Godfrey was once the simple warrior Hoarah Loux, a ferocious champion with a ceaseless lust for battle. Later, he became Godfrey when he took the spirit of Serosh upon his back. The Lord of Beasts suppressed his rage, allowing him to conduct himself as Marika's first Elden Lord. Before it came to be an embodiment of Order, everything was in opposition to the Erdtree. Godfrey led Marika's golden armies in the War Against the Giants, a decisive conflict thay ended with the Giants' defeat and the confinement of the Fell God's Flame of Ruin. This war heralded the birth of the Erdtree, and the beginning of an age of Order ruled over by Marika and her Elden Lord. The age of the Erdtree began amidst conflict, and Godfrey was regarded as the "Lord of the Battlefield." He fought the Storm Lord alone and emerged the new lord of Stormveil. Later, during the siege of Castle Morne, Godfrey bested a lone hero who wielded a grafted blade and fought for vengeance. Godfrey was commander of the Crucible Knights, and Ordovis and his men wore the crest of the axe. Godfrey and his offspring with Queen Marika were the first Demigods, known as the Golden Lineage. His bond with Serosh became an emblem of this lineage, guiding them as they conquered the Lands Between. Godfrey's double-headed axe symbolized his warrior's vow of conduct and would later become a symbol of the Golden Lineage. At the end of his campaign, Lord Godfrey's golden armies remained unvanquished and unbowed. When his last enemy fell, it was said that the golden hue of Godfrey's eyes faded. He found his Grace lost, tattered, and faded. Godfrey and his warriors were then informed by Queen Marika that she had divested them of their Grace. She drove them from the Lands Between to wage war in a distant land, where they would live and die. Marika promised Godfrey and his men that after their deaths, they would regain what she had taken from them. They would return to the Lands Between with the strength required to brandish the Elden Ring. Thus, Godfrey and his kinfolk became the Tarnished. They left the Lands Between together on a pilgrimage known as the Long March, at the end of which Godfrey divested himself of kingship and became a simple warrior once more. However, when the Elden Ring was shattered following the death of his son Godwyn the Golden, the Tarnished who had died outside the Lands Between were returned to life by the call of their long-lost Grace. The Tarnished, who had grown strong in the face of death, crossed the fog and returned to the Lands Between, to stand before the Elden Ring and become Elden Lord. Godfrey was among those who made their way back to the Lands Between.

In the days before the Erdtree, the Giants carved out a civilization in the inhospitable mountains to the north, after chasing away the Ice Dragons who had previously ruled it. Here, they worshipped a Fell God and were bound to tend the Flame of their god for eternity. Before Queen Marika the Eternal ushered in her Age of the Erdtree, she had her then husband, Godfrey, the first Elden Lord, launch an attack against the Giants, fearing that their fire might burn her Erdtree. The mighty Giants borrowed the power of their fell god, but were still defeated by Godfrey and his Crucible Knights, with Marika allegedly striking down the fell god. Only a single Fire Giant remained, and Marika cursed him to forever tend his Flame, ensuring it could not harm her Erdtree.

The Lands Between is the name given to the setting of Elden Ring. It is a vast realm formerly ruled by Queen Marika the Eternal. The Lands Between is a seemingly insular landmass consisting of multiple biomes, with lush grasslands in the south, a temperate central region, and a frozen, mountainous north. The skies of the Lands Between are dominated by the Erdtree, which is visible from almost everywhere above ground. The Elden Ring resides in the Lands Between, which are ruled by its vessel, Queen Marika, and her consort, the Elden Lord. They ruled from Leyndell, Royal Capital, situated upon the Altus Plateau. It is said that long ago, the Greater Will sent a golden star bearing a beast to the Lands Between, which later became the Elden Ring. The Primordial Crucible, where all life was once blended together, may also have existed in the Lands Between in the past, since it was the primordial form of the Erdtree. After the Elden Ring was shattered, the Lands Between became the site of The Shattering: a war between the Demigod offspring of Queen Marika. As none of them succeeded in becoming Elden Lord, grace was extended to the Tarnished, who were called back to the Lands Between to seek the shards of the Elden Ring, so that one may become Elden Lord.

Limgrave is located in the southwestern corner of the Lands Between. A temperate land of green plains and golden trees, with windswept hills to the north and a dense, mist-shrouded woodland to the east. To the south lies the Weeping Peninsula, an isolated region known for its unceasing rain. Godrick the Grafted presides over Limgrave from Stormveil Castle, to the northwest, and to the northeast lies the region of Caelid.

Situated in the northwestern portion of Limgrave, Stormhill is perpetually wrapped in strong winds and littered with ancient ruins. The path to Stormveil Castle passes through here.

The Weeping Peninsula is the southern-most tip of the Lands Between. The peninsula derives its name from its unceasing rainfall, giving the impression of a land in constant lament. It is connected to Limgrave proper by the Bridge of Sacrifice to the north.

Castle Morne stands on the southernmost tip of the peninsula. Currently presided over by Castellan Edgar on the appointment of Godrick the Grafted, the castle was once the site of a battle between a lone hero and Godfrey, First Elden Lord.

Stormveil Castle perches atop a cliff overlooking Limgrave. Currently, it is the stronghold of the Demigod Godrick the Grafted, but long ago it was ruled over by an old king, back when the true storm raged. The castle is heavily guarded and patrolled by Banished Knights, Exile Soldiers, and warhawks with blades grafted to their talons. The exterior of the castle is mottled with craters lined with thorns, which have also spread to the soldiers within. It is said that the source may be hidden deep within the castle.

Liurnia is the westernmost region of the Lands Between. Characterised by its vast forests, sheer cliffs, and ever-present fog, the majority of the region is sinking into a lake. On the eastern side, a highroad runs north to south, connecting the area to the regions of Altus Plateau and Limgrave. The western coast is closely associated with the Carian royal family, and this is where their Manor stands. The Academy of Raya Lucaria rises above the lake in the center of the region, at a junction between two highroads, with the Academy Gate Town spreading around it, slowly disappearing into the waters.

The Academy of Raya Lucaria sits in the middle of the great lake of Liurnia, and is the place of study for Glintstone Sorcerers. Long ago, Rennala charmed the Academy with her lunar magic. She became the Academy's master and established the house of Caria as royalty. However, when Rennala's husband Radagon left her to become the second Elden Lord, Rennala's heart went along with him. Those at the Academy then realised that Rennala was no champion, and she was confined to the great library. She still clutches the amber egg given to her by Radagon, which contains the Great Rune of the Unborn.

The Academy offers multiple fields of study, known as Conspectuses. Scholars of note are permitted to don Glintstone Crowns modelled after notable sorcerers in their chosen fields of study. Azur and Lusat, regarded as founding glintstone sorcerers, founded the Karolos and Olivinus Conspectuses, respectively. Most of the sorcerers found within wear Glintstone Crowns that denote their area of study, and hint at the types of sorceries they may wield.

The Academy declared that it would not take part in The Shattering, and repelling seals were cast upon its doors, blocking outside access to anyone not in possession of a Academy Glintstone Key. Such a key may be found on an island west of the Academy, guarded by Glintstone Dragon Smarag.

A wasteland on the south-eastern tip of the Lands Between, plagued by Scarlet Rot and inhabited by all manner of malformed creatures. Caelid was the site of the battle between General Radahn and Malenia, Blade of Miquella, during which the first flower of Aeonia bloomed and covered the region in Scarlet Rot. Radahn's army, the Redmanes, continue to combat the rot using fire to this day.

The Altus Plateau is a northwestern region of the Lands Between. It is a region of great significance, for it is here that the Erdtree can be found, as well as Leyndell, the royal capital of Queen Marika. Altus borders Liurnia of the Lakes to the south, and the Forbidden Lands which lead to the Mountaintops of the Giants to the east. Due to its high elevation, Altus is connected to its neighbouring regions primarily through two lifts; the Grand Lift of Dectus to the south and the Grand Lift of Rold to the east. There is another, more dangerous path to Liurnia that goes through the mountains separating the two regions.

Altus is a lush and verdant land, once over-flowing with the bounty of the Erdtree itself. Most of the vegetation that grows in Altus is tinged with the gold of the Erdtree, and flowers that grow on the plateau are prized reagents by Perfumers. The people of the plateau believed that those born at the foot of the Erdtree, like themselves, were blessed. While still beautiful, the land is marred by scars from the Shattering, left over from the many battles waged here. The land is dotted by ruined battlefields and soldier's camps.

The western parts of Altus are mountainous and dominated by the volcanic Mt. Gelmir. At the top of the mountain lies the Volcano Manor, home to the demigod Praetor Rykard. At the foot of the mountain lies bubbling geysers as well as a village of Demihumans.

In the north of Altus, through a deep canyon, lies the Shaded Castle, ancient manor of the Marais family who served as both executioners and castellans of the Shaded Castle for generations. The castle lies in disrepair, haunted by Wraith-Callers and Revenants, and with most of its courtyard sinking into a poison swamp.

The eastern parts of Altus are dominated by Leyndell, Queen Marika's royal capital, built at the foot of the Erdtree. Two primary paths lead into the capital grounds; one from the southwest and one from the northwest. The southwestern path is the main road, a well-maintained and well-guarded highway gloriously decorated with statues of Queen Marika's soldiers. The capital grounds are defended by double ramparts. Within the outer wall, to the northeast, lies a Minor Erdtree. Just outside the outer wall, on an outcropping north of the southwestern highway, lies the Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave, final resting place of a hero who fought against the Giants. The inner wall of the capital is surrounded by a moat, which appears to have mostly dried out, as its waters are now shallow. Within the inner walls, the Royal Capital is bounded by a lake, which serves as yet another layer of protection.

Leyndell, Royal Capital sits at the foot of the Erdtree on Altus Plateau. It is enclosed by double ramparts, with the city proper contained within the inner wall. The current lord of Leyndell is Morgott the Grace-Given, a Demigod of the Golden Lineage who took it upon himself to become the Erdtree's protector, despite being born a graceless Omen. Long ago, the city was assaulted by the colossal Ancient Dragon Gransax- the only time in recorded history that Leyndell's walls have fallen. This marked the dawn of the war against the Ancient Dragons. The war came to an end when Godwyn the Golden befriended the dread Fortissax, an event which gave rise to the capital's Ancient Dragon Cult. Gransax's corpse can still be found towering over much of the city.

Mt. Gelmir is a volcano in western Altus Plateau, which houses the Volcano Manor at its summit. It is characterised by sheer cliffs and ominous skies; qualities which grew more pronounced in the wake of The Shattering. The dried-up Seethewater River runs along the base of the volcano, with geysers that spew jets of boiling water. The river terminates on the west side, near Fort Laiedd where the forces of Leyndell are locked in conflict with the Fire Monks. The Hermit Village, inhabited by Demi-Humans and Glintstone Sorcerers, sits on the south-eastern edge of the volcano. Primeval Sorcerer Azur, one of the founding Glintstone Sorcerers, settled near the village after his banishment from the Academy of Raya Lucaria. Mt. Gelmir was the site of the most horrendous conflict of the Shattering, which has left scars that can still be found. Ruined campsites litter the cliffsides. Some Leyndell Soldiers remain, driven to frenzy by the horrors they saw. The Volcano Manor, which sits atop the mountain, is the home of the Demigod Praetor Rykard, who once led a company of inquisitors. After the Elden Ring was broken, Rykard fed himself to the blasphemous serpent, Great Rune and all, in defiance of the gods. His knights abandoned him when his noble ambitions were reduced to gluttony and depravity, yet his consort, Tanith, remained by his side. Rykard is now served by the Recusants; a band of Tarnished who hunt their own kind.

The northern Mountaintops were once the home of the Fire Giants, after they claimed them from the ice dragons. At the birth of the Erdtree, the forces of Queen Marika the Eternal and Godfrey, First Elden Lord marched up the mountain and put the Giants to the sword. With the Giants defeated, the Flame of Ruin was confined within the Giants' Forge atop the mount, and the Age of the Erdtree began. The Fire Monks, who were left behind to watch over the Flame of Ruin, can be found patrolling the region. They are often accompanied by the Guilty: thorn sorcerers who were banished to the north. Their fortress, the Guardians' Garrison, sits on the eastern side of the mountain. The Zamor Ruins in the south-west are the home of an ancient clan of Zamor Warriors. They were ancient enemies of the Fire Giants, and are regarded as heroes due to their actions in the War Against the Giants.