The finger maidens are said to serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance and aid to the Tarnished. The maidens live to serve a chosen Tarnished, sharing their guidance and the wisdom of the Two Fingers. Long ago, it was promised that the guidance of grace would ensure that the pair be brought together. Nonetheless, some never saw such guidance. They can turn rune fragments into strength. However, not much else is known about them.

Limgrave is located in the southwestern corner of the Lands Between. A temperate land of green plains and golden trees, with windswept hills to the north and a dense, mist-shrouded woodland to the east. To the south lies the Weeping Peninsula, an isolated region known for its unceasing rain. Godrick the Grafted presides over Limgrave from Stormveil Castle, to the northwest, and to the northeast lies the region of Caelid.

Stormveil Castle perches atop a cliff overlooking Limgrave. Currently, it is the stronghold of the Demigod Godrick the Grafted, but long ago it was ruled over by an old king, back when the true storm raged. The castle is heavily guarded and patrolled by Banished Knights, Exile Soldiers, and warhawks with blades grafted to their talons. The exterior of the castle is mottled with craters lined with thorns, which have also spread to the soldiers within. It is said that the source may be hidden deep within the castle.

Godrick is a descendant of the Golden Lineage, the bloodline which began with Queen Marika the Eternal and her first consort Godfrey. Only a distant relation of Marika's line, his divine blood was sorely diluted, and he was viewed as the runt of the litter. After the Elden Ring was shattered, Godrick inherited the Great Rune from the centre of the Elden Ring, referred to as the anchor ring. During The Shattering, Godrick was hounded from the Leyndell, Royal Capital. He claimed a multitude of treasures, including the Mimic's Veil, and then hid amongst the womenfolk to flee the city. Godrick made his way south, settling in Limgrave with an army made up of soldiers who had fled Leyndell. He took up residence in Stormveil Castle, using it as a refuge to hide from General Radahn, and as a place to practice grafting; a grotesque act which involves attaching parts of other living beings to oneself to gain power. When the Tarnished returned to the Lands Between, Godrick sent his soldiers on Tarnished hunts, seeking new subjects to graft. As well as performing the act upon himself, Godrick also produced the Grafted Scions; abhorrent beings comprised of many different limbs, seemingly grafted onto children. When Malenia marched southward, Godrick insulted her, leading to a confrontation which left Godrick beaten and humiliated, forced to grovel for mercy. Godrick idolised Godfrey, desiring for his ancestor to witness his feats. He wielded an axe emblazoned with the figure of a lion, a symbol of Godfrey, and furnished his army with emblems of the Golden Lineage such as axes, and depictions of Serosh the Beast Regent. Although he styled himself as the "lord of all that is golden", he was popularly referred to as "Godrick the Grafted", commanding far less respect than his forebear. He was even despised by his servants, whom he looked down on and pushed around.

The Great Runes are the shards of the Elden Ring, currently making up the Golden Order, and represent the concepts of order and discipline that the demigods enforced on the physical world. They were inherited by some of the demigod offspring of Queen Marika the Eternal following the shattering of the Elden Ring. The mad taint of the newfound strength granted by the Great Runes precipitated the Shattering, wherein the demigods fought for control of the Lands Between. The demigods who inherited Great Runes were known as Shardbearers. The known Great Runes are as follows, Godrick's Great Rune, Great Rune of The Unborn, Radahn's Great Rune, Rykard's Great Rune, Morgott's Great Rune, Malenia's Great Rune, Mohg's Great Rune, Miquella's Great Rune, Ranni's Great Rune.

Roundtable Hold was once a gathering place of champions, who would receive the wisdom of the Two Fingers. Great Tarnished champions, such as Vargram the Raging Wolf, Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm, Mad Tongue Alberich, and Roundtable Knight Vyke, all convened in the Hold in the distant past. Presently, however, it is a shadow of its former self, with its present occupants not holding the venerable status of those past heroes.

Liurnia is the westernmost region of the Lands Between. Characterised by its vast forests, sheer cliffs, and ever-present fog, the majority of the region is sinking into a lake. On the eastern side, a highroad runs north to south, connecting the area to the regions of Altus Plateau and Limgrave. The western coast is closely associated with the Carian royal family, and this is where their Manor stands. The Academy of Raya Lucaria rises above the lake in the center of the region, at a junction between two highroads, with the Academy Gate Town spreading around it, slowly disappearing into the waters.

Rose Church is an old church on an island in Liurnia of the Lakes, south of the Academy of Raya Lucaria. The church is flooded with blood, and organic-looking growths cover the walls.

The Two Fingers are merely corrupted vassals and envoys of the Greater Will, stripped of their former glory and wisdom. Once, they may have chosen worthy Empyrean candidates and offered genuine guidance to the Tarnished, but now their abilities have withered alongside the shattered Elden Ring and the decaying Erdtree. What were once masters of oration have become broken and senile, their words no longer trustworthy. The Finger Readers, who attempt to interpret their ramblings, can hardly be relied upon. Although they are said to have once communicated through a language of light with intangible symbols, they are mere shadows of their former self. Their power to restore the Great Runes at the Divine Towers is a faded echo of what they once were. The churches dedicated to the Two Fingers, attended by confessors hunting down their enemies, only serve to highlight their current irrelevance and the mistrust that surrounds them.

Mohg or Mohgwyn, also known as the Lord of Blood, was born of the Golden Lineage, the offspring of the first Elden Lord, Godfrey and Queen Marika, and was the twin brother of Morgott. The twins were both born as accursed Omen, and as a result were confined and shackled to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds below Leyndell. Unlike his brother, Mohg would grow to embrace his Omen blood. Deep underground, Mohg made contact with an Outer God known as the Formless Mother. The Formless Mother ignited his accursed blood with fire, prompting him to develop powerful bloodflame magic. After Queen Marika shattered the Elden Ring, Mohg escaped confinement and claimed one of the shards of the Elden Ring. During this period, he began establishing his domain from Mohgwyn Palace and recruiting followers, including his Sanguine Nobles and a band of Tarnished known as the Bloody Fingers. Among these followers was Varré, a war surgeon who was able to successfully tame Mohg's accursed blood. The specific timing of Mohg assuming the title of Lord of Blood and the exact sequence of his activities relative to the Shattering are not well-documented, making the precise timeline of these events unclear. Miquella the Unalloyed later embedded himself within his Haligtree in an attempt to shed his affliction. In this vulnerable and unguarded state, Mohg seized the opportunity to abduct him from the tree. Miquella was an Empyrean, thus having the potential of ascending to godhood; Mohg intended to raise Miquella to full godhood so that he may rule at his side as consort and take the role of monarch. At some point during or after the abduction, Mohg was unknowingly enchanted by Miquella. The circumstances and timeline of this enchantment remain unclear. After abducting Miquella, Mohg hibernated with him within a cocoon and had his followers render offerings of blood, drenching its chamber in order to facilitate Miquella's awakening. But no matter how much of Miquella's bloody bedchamber Mohg tried to share, he would receive no response from the young empyrean. During this time, Mohg largely escaped the notice of the Roundtable Hold, who were searching for clues as to his whereabouts.

Pureblood Knight's Medal is an item that proves that one is a glorious knight of the new Dynasty of Mohgwyn that the Lord of Blood will inaugurate.

Mohgwyn Palace is an island in the underground Siofra River, far to the east of Nokron, Eternal City. The grave of an ancient civilisation can be found here, and it is in these ruins that Mohg, Lord of Blood, has chosen to be the seat of his coming Mohgwyn Dynasty. A large part of the area is taken up by a blood-red lake, which is the habitat of many abominations. The Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum juts out of the west side of the island, housing the Lord of Blood and his vassals. By becoming a knight of the Mohgwyn Dynasty, one can obtain a Pureblood Knight's Medal from White Mask Varré, a tarnished can teleport to the mausoleum entrance. The Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum is a large, seemingly ancient temple built into a rocky formation on the west side of Mohgwyn Palace. The mausoleum is the stronghold of Mohg and his followers, and is the intended birthplace of the Lord of Blood's new dynasty. At the top of the structure is a large, open courtyard, in which sits the cocoon of the Empyrean Miquella. Mohg guards the cocoon fiercely, and will challenge the player when they approach.