Varre is an enigmatic man who dresses in the garb of a war surgeon. War Surgeons, despite their name, are not surgeons or doctors. They act as mercy killers on battlefields, putting dying soldiers out of their misery as quickly as possible by delivering final blows. Varre was a war surgeon prior to his association with Mohg.

Varre was abducted by Mohg against his will along with various other war surgeons, however it was noted that Varre was particularly talented with blood incantations, and that of all the war surgeons abducted he was the only one able to "tame" Mohg's cursed blood. Somewhere along the way Varre came to genuinely worship Mohg, even going as far to paint Mohg's emblem on his forehead.

Varre acts enticing but deep down, is deceitful in nature. He is eloquent and is kind to the Tarnished at first, but this appears to be a front as his personality can change dramatically if elicited by disobedience. For example: He will try to suggest he is helping the Tarnished, and refers to them with the pet name "Lambkin", but if provoked he consequently will refer to them as a "runt" and "low born". If the tarnished refuses Varre's offer to join Mohg, then he will indignantly remark that they must have misheard his request, and that he will wait "for your ears to clean out."

Varre seems to also harbor some level of sadism, or in the least, an indifference to the pain of others. He asks the Tarnished to soak a cloth in a finger maiden's blood and remarks that since they have no maiden of their own, "any maiden will do". When he injects the tarnished with royal blood and they scream in pain, he chuckles in a shocked tone and says "clench your teeth, or something." When the ritual is completed he will remark that the tarnished as "the sweetest scream". If attacked at the Rose church he will remark upon killing the tarnished that "materials of quality are so hard to find these days", revealing that he only ever thought of the Tarnished as a material or tool.

Varre also expresses deep skepticism regarding the Two Fingers, suggesting that their words are untrustworthy and merely reflect "rambling, senile delusions." He believes that the corruption of the Two Fingers occurred when the Elden Ring was shattered, leading to skewed guidance. Furthermore, Varre feels that the Two Fingers harbor no affection for humanity, which he finds particularly frustrating.