Varre: Oh yes... Tarnished, are we? Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm? Of course you have. No shame in it. Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless. Without guidance, without the strength of runes, and without an invitation to the Roundtable Hold... You are fated, it seems, to die in obscurity.
Varre: Luckily for you, however, there is one shining ray of hope for even the maidenless. Me. Varré. Take care to listen. Are you familiar with grace? The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished. You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times. That is the guidance of grace. The path that a Tarnished must travel. Mm, indeed. Grace's guidance holds the answers. It will lead you Tarnished to the path you are meant to follow. Even if it leads you to your grave.
Varre: Grace's guidance will reveal the path forward, most certainly. To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff. The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.
Varre: It's time you set off, I should think. To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff, where grace would guide you. If you seek the Elden Ring, maidenless as you are.
Varre: Oh?
Varre: Do you even comprehend the gravity of this choice?
Varre: Very well. If you mistake kindness for frailty of heart, then perhaps a more physical lesson is in order!
(On Tarnished kill) Varre: You will die nameless, without ceremony.
Varre: What's the matter? Shouldn't you be off proving yourself, or some such? Then go on, take the hint and follow the guidance of grace. To castle Stormveil, on the cliff. And if, by chance you do find your way to the castle, you may receive a summons. To the famed Roundtable Keep...
Varre: Ohh, well done, well done indeed. You made it through that entire mess, all the way to Stormveil. And off you trotted to the Roundtable Hold... My sincerest congratulations. But, how did you find the Roundtable? Oh, you don't have to say it. Before, the Roundtable was chock full of venerated warriors, but now, it's home to puff-chests and has-beens. I fear you've been terribly disappointed. I don't blame you. But still, the Roundtable has its perks. Why not earn a seat? Fly straight and true, so to speak.
Varre: Ahh, then you're interested? A wise choice indeed. To join the Roundtable proper, you must acquire a Great Rune, and request audience... with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber. They are the purported masters of the grace that guides your kind, the Tarnished. Mm, yes, pay them a visit, so that you may see for yourself.
Varre: Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune. Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune. Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft... So. Prepare for the worst.
Varre: ... Yes, I see. Perhaps it's just as well. Besides, you are maidenless. One can only do so much with the materials provided. But then again, if you should realize the error of your ways, I'm always willing to hear you out.
Varre: Oh, have you decided to have a go after all? At joining the round table proper?
Varre: What's the matter? Aren't you supposed to be earning your place at the Roundtable Hold? Then you must face Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil,for without a Great Rune, you will not be granted audience. With the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Varre: Ah, there you are. You claimed a Great Rune, and had your audience. With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold. What was your impression?
Varre: Ah-ha, your intuition serves you well. My doubts had been piling up, you see… The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted. Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions. I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed. Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind. That's the part that irks the most.
Varre: You don't say. Well, what a relief that must be. You may go, then. My work here is done. May the wisdom of the two fingers guide you.
Varre: Oh, I have a gift for you, something fit for only the wise. A means for circumventing the draw of the Two Fingers. Give it a try, won't you? And if it please you, may we meet again. I've high hopes for you. My lambkin. Be sure to try that finger I gave you. There's no reason to dither.
Varre: Oh, lambkin, so pleased you're here. I'm glad you're enjoying my gift. Mmm, I knew from the very start. You have a taste for noble blood.
Varre: I wish to anoint you a proper inductee. A knight to serve Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, and establish a new dynasty. Luminary Mohg has strength, vision, and of course, love. So, what do you say, my lambkin?
Varre: Mm, yes, who would have it any other way? Now, take this. For your final trial. Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood. Normally, this ritual would involve killing one's own maiden, and recanting the wisdom of the Two Fingers. But since you are maidenless, the blood of anyone's maiden will do.
Varre: Oh my. Perhaps you misheard me. Nothing wrong with giving you a day or two. For your ears to clear out.
Varre: Ahh, my lambkin. You've completed your final trial. And with this, you are a formal inductee. A knight who will assist Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, in the establishment of a new dynasty. Now, give me your finger. This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor, once it settles. Inside of you.
Varre: Oh, good heavens. Clench your teeth, or something.
Varre: Never forget that feeling of agony. For it is what binds you to Luminary Mogh, to all of us. Ha ha ha... You have the sweetest scream. My lambkin. Talking again, after offering finger and receiving Bloody Finger.
Varre: Oh another thing. You should have this.
Varre: A medal granted by the new Mohgwyn dynasty. With the power to grant audience with Luminary Mohg. I've gone out of my way to provide one to you. But you mustn't use it just yet.
Varre: The meeting must wait until the Mohgwyn dynasty commences. Luminary Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity. We must endure a little longer.
Varre: Ahh, it is trying, but we must be patient. One day, you will be elevated, deservedly, basking in love. Right, my lambkin? Ha ha ha...
Varre: You seek violence, heedless of my warning, though you have been raised to a knight of the dynasty? I am pained, to the very depths of my being. I'll ensure you regret this, my lambkin. Enjoy your miserable death.
(If Killed) Varre: You maidenless runt... Who do you think I am?
(If Killed) Varre: Why must I be... disgraced by this lowborn
(If Killed) Varre: O... Luminary... Mohg... Please grant... the strength... you promised I have given... everything... Please... my lord...
(If Killed) Varre: Please, answer me... Luminary... Mohg. ... A-ahh... Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love!