Varre: Oh yes... Tarnished, are we?
Varre: Come to the Lands Between for the Elden Ring, hmm?
Varre: Of course you have.
Varre: No shame in it.
Varre: Unfortunately for you, however, you are maidenless.
Varre: Without guidance, without the strength of runes, and without an invitation to the Roundtable Hold...
Varre: You are fated, it seems, to die in obscurity.
Varre: Luckily for you, however, there is one shining ray of hope for even the maidenless. Me. Varré. Take care to listen. 
Varre: Are you familiar with grace? 
Varre: The golden light that gives life to you Tarnished. 
Varre: You may also behold its golden rays pointing in a particular direction at times. 
Varre: That is the guidance of grace. 
Varre: The path that a Tarnished must travel. 
Varre: Mm, indeed. Grace's guidance holds the answers. 
Varre: It will lead you Tarnished to the path you are meant to follow. 
Varre: Even if it leads you to your grave.
Varre: Grace's guidance will reveal the path forward, most certainly. 
Varre: To Castle Stormveil, over on the cliff. 
Varre: The home of the decrepit demigod, Godrick the Grafted.
Varre: It's time you set off, I should think. 
Varre: To Castle Stormveil, on the cliff, where grace would guide you. 
Varre: If you seek the Elden Ring, maidenless as you are.
Varre: Oh?
Varre: Do you even comprehend the gravity of this choice?
Varre: Very well. If you mistake kindness for frailty of heart, then perhaps a more physical lesson is in order!
(On Tarnished kill) Varre: You will die nameless, without ceremony.
Varre: What's the matter? Shouldn't you be off proving yourself, or some such? 
Varre: Then go on, take the hint and follow the guidance of grace.
Varre: To castle Stormveil, on the cliff. And if, by chance you do find your way to the castle, you may receive a summons. 
Varre: To the famed Roundtable Keep...
Varre: Ohh, well done, well done indeed.
Varre: You made it through that entire mess, all the way to Stormveil. And off you trotted to the Roundtable Hold... My sincerest congratulations. 
Varre: But, how did you find the Roundtable? Oh, you don't have to say it. 
Varre: Before, the Roundtable was chock full of venerated warriors, but now, it's home to puff-chests and has-beens. 
Varre: I fear you've been terribly disappointed. 
Varre: I don't blame you. 
Varre: But still, the Roundtable has its perks. 
Varre: Why not earn a seat? Fly straight and true, so to speak.
Varre: Ahh, then you're interested? A wise choice indeed. 
Varre: To join the Roundtable proper, you must acquire a Great Rune, and request audience... with the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber. 
Varre: They are the purported masters of the grace that guides your kind, the Tarnished. 
Varre: Mm, yes, pay them a visit, so that you may see for yourself.
Varre: Challenge Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil, to acquire a Great Rune. 
Varre: Decrepit, he may be, but a demigod he remains. And of course, an inheritor of a Great Rune. 
Varre: Worse yet, I hear old Godrick's acquired a ferocious new toy to graft... So. Prepare for the worst.
Varre: ... Yes, I see. 
Varre: Perhaps it's just as well. 
Varre: Besides, you are maidenless. 
Varre: One can only do so much with the materials provided. 
Varre: But then again, if you should realize the error of your ways, I'm always willing to hear you out.
Varre: Oh, have you decided to have a go after all? At joining the round table proper?
Varre: What's the matter? 
Varre: Aren't you supposed to be earning your place at the Roundtable Hold? 
Varre: Then you must face Godrick the Grafted, lord of Stormveil,for without a Great Rune, you will not be granted audience. 
Varre: With the Two Fingers, in the inner chamber.
Varre: Ah, there you are. 
Varre: You claimed a Great Rune, and had your audience. 
Varre: With the Two Fingers, at the Roundtable Hold. 
Varre: What was your impression?
Varre: Ah-ha, your intuition serves you well. 
Varre: My doubts had been piling up, you see… 
Varre: The words of the Two Fingers cannot be trusted. 
Varre: Truly, naught but rambling, senile delusions. 
Varre: I believe, that when the Elden Ring was shattered, the Two Fingers were corrupted, their guidance; skewed. 
Varre: Even worse, the Fingers harbor no love for our kind. 
Varre: That's the part that irks the most.
Varre: You don't say. 
Varre: Well, what a relief that must be. 
Varre: You may go, then. My work here is done. 
Varre: May the wisdom of the two fingers guide you.
Varre: Oh, I have a gift for you, something fit for only the wise. 
Varre: A means for circumventing the draw of the Two Fingers. 
Varre: Give it a try, won't you? And if it please you, may we meet again. I've high hopes for you. My lambkin. 
Varre: Be sure to try that finger I gave you. There's no reason to dither.
Varre: Oh, lambkin, so pleased you're here. 
Varre: I'm glad you're enjoying my gift. 
Varre: Mmm, I knew from the very start. You have a taste for noble blood.
Varre: I wish to anoint you a proper inductee. A knight to serve Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, and establish a new dynasty. 
Varre: Luminary Mohg has strength, vision, and of course, love. So, what do you say, my lambkin?
Varre: Mm, yes, who would have it any other way? Now, take this. For your final trial. Soak the cloth with a maiden's blood. 
Varre: Normally, this ritual would involve killing one's own maiden, and recanting the wisdom of the Two Fingers. 
Varre: But since you are maidenless, the blood of anyone's maiden will do.
Varre: Oh my. Perhaps you misheard me. Nothing wrong with giving you a day or two. For your ears to clear out.
Varre: Ahh, my lambkin. You've completed your final trial. And with this, you are a formal inductee. 
Varre: A knight who will assist Luminary Mohg, the Lord of Blood, in the establishment of a new dynasty. 
Varre: Now, give me your finger. 
Varre: This noble blood will be an immutable badge of honor, once it settles. Inside of you.
Varre: Oh, good heavens. Clench your teeth, or something.
Varre: Never forget that feeling of agony. For it is what binds you to Luminary Mogh, to all of us. Ha ha ha... 
Varre: You have the sweetest scream. My lambkin.
Varre: Oh another thing. You should have this.
Varre: A medal granted by the new Mohgwyn dynasty. With the power to grant audience with Luminary Mohg. 
Varre: I've gone out of my way to provide one to you. But you mustn't use it just yet.
Varre: The meeting must wait until the Mohgwyn dynasty commences. Luminary Mohg yet slumbers beside the Divinity. We must endure a little longer.
Varre: Ahh, it is trying, but we must be patient. One day, you will be elevated, deservedly, basking in love. Right, my lambkin? Ha ha ha...
Varre: You seek violence, heedless of my warning, though you have been raised to a knight of the dynasty? 
Varre: I am pained, to the very depths of my being. I'll ensure you regret this, my lambkin. Enjoy your miserable death.
(If Killed) Varre: You maidenless runt... Who do you think I am?
(If Killed) Varre: Why must I be... disgraced by this lowborn
(If Killed) Varre: O... Luminary... Mohg... Please grant... the strength... you promised I have given... everything... Please... my lord...
(If Killed) Varre: Please, answer me... Luminary... Mohg. ... A-ahh... Bless the Mohgwyn Dynasty, with love!